{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\b JavaScript Definitions\b0\par
\par
\b V8 Engine:\b0\par
High-performance JavaScript engine by Google (used in Chrome and Node.js). It parses JS, runs an interpreter (Ignition), and JIT-compiles hot code with an optimizing compiler (TurboFan). Optimizations include hidden classes and inline caching; it manages memory with a garbage collector.\par
\par
\b Declaration keywords:\b0\par
\b var:\b0  Function-scoped (or global). Declaration is hoisted and initialized to undefined (no TDZ). Can be re-declared and re-assigned. Not block-scoped.\par
\b let:\b0  Block-scoped. Declaration is hoisted but kept in the Temporal Dead Zone (TDZ) until initialized; cannot be re-declared in the same scope, but can be re-assigned.\par
\b const:\b0  Block-scoped and must be initialized at declaration; hoisted into TDZ until initialization. The binding is immutable (cannot be re-assigned), but if the value is an object/array the contents can still be mutated.\par
\par
\b Keyword:\b0\par
A reserved word that has special meaning in the language grammar (e.g., if, function, class, var, let, const). Keywords cannot be used as identifiers where the grammar forbids them.\par
\par
\b Identifier:\b0\par
A user-defined name for variables, functions, classes, parameters, etc. Must follow JS naming rules (letters, $, _, digits not at start), is case-sensitive, and cannot be a reserved keyword.\par
\par
\b Literal:\b0\par
A source-code representation of a fixed value. Examples: numeric 42, string "hi", boolean true/false, null, regex /ab/, array [1,2], object {a:1}. Literals evaluate directly to the value they represent.\par
\par
\b Operator:\b0\par
A token (symbol or keyword) that performs operations on operands. Examples: arithmetic +, -; comparison ===, !==; logical &&, ||; assignment =, +=; unary !, typeof; spread .... Operators have defined precedence and associativity which affect evaluation order.\par
\par
\b Examples / Next steps:\b0\par
If you want code examples (scoping/hoisting, TDZ, operator precedence) or a true .docx file instead of RTF, tell me and I will add them.\par
}
